Cover Letter
Hello, I’m Valery
I'm glad I have this opportunity to apply for this position.
This job has attracted my attention quite seriously. I am 100% confident that my 4 years of Production customer support and 2 years of project management experience make me a good fit for the position.

While working as a customer support rep I was able to gain strong stress resistance to many situations and incidents happened. I was handling several hundreds of incoming tickets monthly. Our team had a strict SLA, for example, 6 minutes to take the ticket into process and 20 minutes to perform troubleshooting activities and solve the issue. I was in close cooperation with L3-level escalation team to ensure service restoration as quickly as possible. I was personally responsible for managing the process of Root Cause Analysis (RCA) being started after the incident was closed.
I was happy to be assigned to lead the team for a while. I ensured our team worked in accordance to the best ITIL practices, followed strict SLA and achieved KPI metrics. Once a month I collected the data to create a report to our management team. Helping clients with their requests and issues allowed me to strengthen my empathy and client orientation skills. This is what I'm really proud of.

Regarding my hands-on experience as a Project Manager, I was in charge of 5 projects simultaneously. It means that multi-tasking and multi-channel communications are something I've used to and not afraid of. I love full clarity when generating tasks for the team. I'm not going to let to start doing anything until the team will clearly understand the goal and the expected result of an assignment. I think this is how a responsible manager should act.
I've got an experience of using such tools as Jira, Confluence, Slack, Trello, Redmine, Google docs, MS Office tools, Zoom etc.

It's worth mentioning such soft skills as sociability, responsibility, empathy, good organization, analytical mindset, exactingness, maturity. My passion is to help people by making them happier.

In case of mutual interest I'd be happy to jump on board immediately and act in accordance to my responsibilities and your expectations.

I look forward to hearing from you soon. 
Thank you for your consideration.
Best regards,
Valery Paulouski
